Mysql AutoReconnect (#2469)
BetonQuest/BetonQuest: CHANGELOG.md

- config option `journal.lock_default_journal_slot` to lock the journal to the `default_journal_slot`
- config option `journal.give_on_respawn` to add the journal to the inventory after the player respawns
- config option `journal.custom_model_data` to give the journal a ressource pack based skin

> - config option `mysql.reconnect_interval` to set the reconnect intervall if the connection to the database get lost

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- config option `mysql.reconnect_interval` to set the reconnect interval if the connection to the database gets lost
```

- `command` objective
- `equip` objective
- `delay` objective - now support variables

> - `sudp` event - now supports variables

Reviewer: This line should not be deleted!

- the craft objective could be completed without consuming materials
- LocationObjective resolves variable for a player who does not have the objective, and so maybe also dont have the variable
- performance when using many conditions / events / ... repeatedly

> - AsyncSaver runs dead on connection loss, resulting in inability to reconnect to database

Reviewer: I don't thing this formulation is good, but I'm also not entirely happy with what I came up:
```suggestion
- AsyncSaver shut itself down if the database connection died, causing data loss
```
